README.md, before:

# 🧠 LLM Meta-Agent

An advanced AI system that combines the power of multiple language models to deliver superior, well-rounded responses. It uses a large language model (LLM) as its central brain to autonomously design, optimize, and manage a system of other specialized AI agents.

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-23.0.2-orange?logo=openjdk)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring%20Boot-3.5.9-brightgreen?logo=springboot)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)

## ✨ Features

- **🔄 Multi-Model Intelligence**: Leverages insights from multiple AI models (Gemma, DeepSeek, Nvidia)
- **🎯 Enhanced Accuracy**: Cross-validates responses for better reliability
- **📊 Comprehensive Answers**: Combines perspectives for richer content
- **👁️ Transparent Process**: View individual model inputs in real-time
- **🎨 Beautiful UI**: Modern, responsive interface with dark/light themes
- **💬 Multi-line Input**: Support for complex queries with Shift+Enter
- **🎭 Animated Doodles**: Decorative background elements for enhanced visual appeal



## 🏗️ Architecture

### How It Works

1. **User Input**: User submits a query through the web interface
2. **Parallel Processing**: Query is sent to both Gemma (Google) and DeepSeek models
3. **Meta-Synthesis**: Nvidia Meta-Agent analyzes both responses
4. **Final Answer**: Delivers a comprehensive, accurate response combining all insights

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[User Query] --> B[Gemma Model]
    A --> C[DeepSeek Model]
    B --> D[Meta-Agent Nvidia]
    C --> D
    D --> E[Final Response]
```

**🏆 Unique Architecture**: This project utilizes a groundbreaking multi-model consensus approach. To date, the **OpenAI Council** is the only other system known to employ a comparable architecture for autonomous multi-agent synthesis.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Java 23.0.2** or higher
- **Maven** (or use included Maven Wrapper)
- **API Keys**:
  - OpenRouter API Key (provides access to all required models)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/gaurabhkr/LLM-Meta-Agent.git
   cd LLM-Meta-Agent
   ```

2. **Configure API Keys**
   
   Set environment variable with your OpenRouter API key:
   ```bash
   export OPENROUTER_API_KEY=your_openrouter_api_key_here
   ```

3. **Run the application**
   ```bash
   ./mvnw spring-boot:run
   ```
   
   Or on Windows:
   ```bash
   mvnw.cmd spring-boot:run
   ```

4. **Access the application**
   
   Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:8080
   ```

## 🎨 UI Features

- **Dark Mode** (default): Deep navy background with vibrant purple accents
- **Light Mode**: Clean white background with subtle purple tones
- **Persistence**: Your theme preference is saved in localStorage

- Press **Enter** to send your message
- Press **Shift+Enter** to create a new line
- Textarea auto-resizes based on content

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Backend
- **Spring Boot 3.5.9** - Application framework
- **Spring AI** - AI model integration
- **Maven** - Dependency management

### Frontend
- **HTML5** - Structure
- **CSS3** - Styling with CSS Variables
- **Vanilla JavaScript** - Interactivity

### AI Models

- **Google Gemma-3-12b-it(Google)** - Precise and contextual understanding
- **DeepSeek deepseek-r1t2-chimera** - Deep reasoning and analytical responses
- **Nvidia nemotron-3-nano-30b as Meta-Agent** - Response synthesis and optimization

## 📁 Project Structure

```
LLM-Meta-Agent/
├── src/
│   └── main/
│       ├── java/
│       │   └── com/llm/LLM/Meta_Agent/
│       │       └── Controller/
│       │           └── LLMMetaAgentController.java
│       └── resources/
│           └── static/
│               ├── index.html
│               ├── style.css
│               └── script.js
├── pom.xml
└── README.md
```

## 🔌 API Endpoints

### Main Endpoints

- `GET /api/gemma/{message}` - Query Gemma model directly
- `GET /api/deepseek/{message}` - Query DeepSeek model directly
- `GET /api/nvidia/{message}` - Query Meta-Agent (synthesized response)

### Meta-Agent Insights

- `GET /api/nvidia/firstmodelresponse` - Get Gemma's response from last query
- `GET /api/nvidia/secondmodelresponse` - Get DeepSeek's response from last query

## 🎯 Usage Examples

### Direct Model Query
```javascript
fetch('/api/gemma/What is artificial intelligence?')
  .then(response => response.text())
  .then(data => console.log(data));
```

### Meta-Agent Query (Recommended)
```javascript
fetch('/api/nvidia/Explain quantum computing')
  .then(response => response.text())
  .then(data => console.log(data));
```

## 🌟 Key Highlights

### Multi-Model Synthesis
Instead of relying on a single AI model, the Meta-Agent:
1. Consults multiple specialized models
2. Analyzes their different perspectives
3. Synthesizes a comprehensive final answer
4. Provides transparent access to sub-model responses



### Modern UI/UX
- **Glassmorphism effects** for depth
- **Smooth animations** on all interactions
- **Auto-resizing textarea** for input
- **Floating background doodles** for visual interest
- **Responsive design** for all screen sizes



## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 👤 Author

[@gaurabhkr](https://github.com/gaurabhkr)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Spring Boot and Spring AI for seamless AI integration
- OpenRouter for providing access to top-tier AI models

## 📧 Contact

For questions or feedback, please open an issue on GitHub.

---

⭐ If you find this project useful, please consider giving it a star!

Commit message:

Update README with live URL and update app properties

README.md, after:

# 🧠 LLM Meta-Agent

An advanced AI system that combines the power of multiple language models to deliver superior, well-rounded responses. It uses a large language model (LLM) as its central brain to autonomously design, optimize, and manage a system of other specialized AI agents.

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-23.0.2-orange?logo=openjdk)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring%20Boot-3.5.9-brightgreen?logo=springboot)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue)

## ✨ Features

- **🔄 Multi-Model Intelligence**: Leverages insights from multiple AI models (Gemma, DeepSeek, Nvidia)
- **🎯 Enhanced Accuracy**: Cross-validates responses for better reliability
- **📊 Comprehensive Answers**: Combines perspectives for richer content
- **👁️ Transparent Process**: View individual model inputs in real-time
- **🎨 Beautiful UI**: Modern, responsive interface with dark/light themes
- **💬 Multi-line Input**: Support for complex queries with Shift+Enter
- **🎭 Animated Doodles**: Decorative background elements for enhanced visual appeal

## 🌐 Live Demo
Experience the application live: **[https://llm-meta-agent.onrender.com/](https://llm-meta-agent.onrender.com/)**
*(Note: Initial load may take a minute on the free tier)*

## 🏗️ Architecture

### How It Works

1. **User Input**: User submits a query through the web interface
2. **Parallel Processing**: Query is sent to both Gemma (Google) and DeepSeek models
3. **Meta-Synthesis**: Nvidia Meta-Agent analyzes both responses
4. **Final Answer**: Delivers a comprehensive, accurate response combining all insights

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[User Query] --> B[Gemma Model]
    A --> C[DeepSeek Model]
    B --> D[Meta-Agent Nvidia]
    C --> D
    D --> E[Final Response]
```

**🏆 Unique Architecture**: This project utilizes a groundbreaking multi-model consensus approach. To date, the **OpenAI Council** is the only other system known to employ a comparable architecture for autonomous multi-agent synthesis.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Java 23.0.2** or higher
- **Maven** (or use included Maven Wrapper)
- **API Keys**:
  - OpenRouter API Key (provides access to all required models)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/gaurabhkr/LLM-Meta-Agent.git
   cd LLM-Meta-Agent
   ```

2. **Configure API Keys**
   
   Set environment variable with your OpenRouter API key:
   ```bash
   export OPENROUTER_API_KEY=your_openrouter_api_key_here
   ```

3. **Run the application**
   ```bash
   ./mvnw spring-boot:run
   ```
   
   Or on Windows:
   ```bash
   mvnw.cmd spring-boot:run
   ```

4. **Access the application**
   
   Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:8080
   ```

## 🎨 UI Features

- **Dark Mode** (default): Deep navy background with vibrant purple accents
- **Light Mode**: Clean white background with subtle purple tones
- **Persistence**: Your theme preference is saved in localStorage

- Press **Enter** to send your message
- Press **Shift+Enter** to create a new line
- Textarea auto-resizes based on content

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Backend
- **Spring Boot 3.5.9** - Application framework
- **Spring AI** - AI model integration
- **Maven** - Dependency management

### Frontend
- **HTML5** - Structure
- **CSS3** - Styling with CSS Variables
- **Vanilla JavaScript** - Interactivity

### AI Models

- **Google Gemma-3-12b-it(Google)** - Precise and contextual understanding
- **DeepSeek deepseek-r1t2-chimera** - Deep reasoning and analytical responses
- **Nvidia nemotron-3-nano-30b as Meta-Agent** - Response synthesis and optimization

## 📁 Project Structure

```
LLM-Meta-Agent/
├── src/
│   └── main/
│       ├── java/
│       │   └── com/llm/LLM/Meta_Agent/
│       │       └── Controller/
│       │           └── LLMMetaAgentController.java
│       └── resources/
│           └── static/
│               ├── index.html
│               ├── style.css
│               └── script.js
├── pom.xml
└── README.md
```

## 🔌 API Endpoints

### Main Endpoints

- `GET /api/gemma/{message}` - Query Gemma model directly
- `GET /api/deepseek/{message}` - Query DeepSeek model directly
- `GET /api/nvidia/{message}` - Query Meta-Agent (synthesized response)

### Meta-Agent Insights

- `GET /api/nvidia/firstmodelresponse` - Get Gemma's response from last query
- `GET /api/nvidia/secondmodelresponse` - Get DeepSeek's response from last query

## 🎯 Usage Examples

### Direct Model Query
```javascript
fetch('/api/gemma/What is artificial intelligence?')
  .then(response => response.text())
  .then(data => console.log(data));
```

### Meta-Agent Query (Recommended)
```javascript
fetch('/api/nvidia/Explain quantum computing')
  .then(response => response.text())
  .then(data => console.log(data));
```

## 🌟 Key Highlights

### Multi-Model Synthesis
Instead of relying on a single AI model, the Meta-Agent:
1. Consults multiple specialized models
2. Analyzes their different perspectives
3. Synthesizes a comprehensive final answer
4. Provides transparent access to sub-model responses



### Modern UI/UX
- **Glassmorphism effects** for depth
- **Smooth animations** on all interactions
- **Auto-resizing textarea** for input
- **Floating background doodles** for visual interest
- **Responsive design** for all screen sizes



## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 👤 Author

[@gaurabhkr](https://github.com/gaurabhkr)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Spring Boot and Spring AI for seamless AI integration
- OpenRouter for providing access to top-tier AI models

## 📧 Contact

For questions or feedback, please open an issue on GitHub.

---

⭐ If you find this project useful, please consider giving it a star!
